ROUND and having comparators correctly handle special double values (#10014)
apache/druid: docs/misc/math-expr.md

|pow|pow(x, y) would return the value of the x raised to the power of y|
|remainder|remainder(x, y) would return the remainder operation on two arguments as prescribed by the IEEE 754 standard|
|rint|rint(x) would return value that is closest in value to x and is equal to a mathematical integer|

> |round|round(x, y) would return the value of the x rounded to the y decimal places. While x can be an integer or floating-point number, y must be an integer. The type of the return value is specified by that of x. y defaults to 0 if omitted. When y is negative, x is rounded on the left side of the y decimal points. If x is `NaN`, this will return 0. |

Author: ```suggestion
|round|round(x, y) would return the value of the x rounded to the y decimal places. While x can be an integer or floating-point number, y must be an integer. The type of the return value is specified by that of x. y defaults to 0 if omitted. When y is negative, x is rounded on the left side of the y decimal points. If x is `NaN`, x will return 0. If x is infinity, x will be converted to the nearest finite double. |
```
